.NET: Fix DurableTask CustomStatus 16 KB overflow on multi-executor workflows (#6775)
microsoft/agent-framework: dotnet/src/Microsoft.Agents.AI.DurableTask/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Bound the live workflow status to a trailing event window so multi-executor workflows with large typed outputs no longer overflow the Durable Functions 16&#160;KB custom status cap ([#6775](https://github.com/microsoft/agent-framework/pull/6775))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bound the live workflow status to a trailing event window so multi-executor workflows with large typed outputs no longer overflow the Durable Task 16 KB custom status cap ([#6775](https://github.com/microsoft/agent-framework/pull/6775))
```

> - Bound the live workflow status to a trailing event window so multi-executor workflows with large typed outputs no longer overflow the Durable Functions 16&#160;KB custom status cap ([#5745](https://github.com/microsoft/agent-framework/issues/5745))

Author: Updated in 159bae8 — the bullet now links to this PR (#6775) in the area's `Title ([#PR](.../pull/PR))` format instead of the issue.
